Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
NETFLIX PRESENTS
Fuck you!
I already told you
I don't know anything. man!
Leave me alone. for God's sake!
I don't know anything.
I already told you!
I told you. I don't know anything.
No. please.
Please.
Where is she?
-I said I don't know.
-Tell me.
She's not there. I don't know. I swear.
No. please…
Not so cocky now. huh?
-Please…
-Chino.
I told you.
I don't know where she is. please.
Please.
No!
Stop it. you bastard!
You son of a bitch!
Temperatures will drop
across the peninsula and on the Balearics.
OK. but we've been waiting here for ages.
How long will that be?
OK. thanks.
They'll be a while.
With strong spells across…
We'll be late to pick up Emma.
You go. I'll change the tire.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Darling.
Be good. OK?
Cloudy skies with early showers…
See you later. then.
Bye. Mommy.
What are we going to do. Daddy?
Hey. Daddy?
-What. darling?
-What happens to the old one?
The tire?
We'll throw it away.
Why?
It's just a tire. The car is what matters.
I'm nearly done.
Close the window. it's cold. Go on.
For fuck's sake!
Give me a break!
My God. Carlos. what a mess.
Wipe that up first.
-Over there.
-Excuse me.
This place is a nightmare.
Honestly. it's unbelievable.
Let go of me. pig! Don't fucking touch me.
-Come on. man!
-Don't touch me!
What a circus.
Who are you?
Martín Salas.
Northern precinct.
Right. Here it is.
You're down for a prisoner transfer.
Not bad for your first day. huh?
And with Montesinos. Not your lucky day.
The locker room's down there.
Bon appétit.
-You're wearing it again. That's ballsy.
-An earring doesn't affect my work.
-True. But the sergeant won't like it.
-Fuck him. The union backs me.
Maybe I'll even get a tattoo on my face.
just to piss him off.
-Martín?
-That's right.
Montesinos.
Have you ever done
a transfer in this area?
No.
You're gonna freeze your balls off.
Shit. To get to the prison in Cuenca.
we need to take back roads. No choice.
It's either that or three more hours.
-We'll see how much snow there is.
-It seems OK.
-And why do a transfer at night?
-It's not uncommon. There's no fixed time.
Discretion and safety are
what matter most.
That's why we can't bring phones.
and the prisoners are told
at the last minute.
CORRECTIONAL FACILITY
-Hello.
-Good evening.
-Go ahead.
-Thanks.
Six prisoners escorted by a patrol car.
-How come?
-There's a max custody. a Romanian.
He looks like a real bastard.
The boss of an international gang.
Arms trafficking. sex trafficking.
He had 200 girls working for him
when he was arrested.
During a routine cell search.
the fucker slit a guard's throat
with a piece of metal
hidden in the sole of his shoe.
There's always one gem.
I hope the others are better.
We have all sorts. Most are misdemeanors.
Low-level dealing and some burglaries.
-Good evening.
-Hello.
You'll love this. A politician.
-Never heard of him. Is he famous?
-Search room two. West wing.
-Follow the officer.
-Thanks.
No fucking idea. Some accountant.
Mihai Lungo.
Notice of transfer.
NOTICE OF PRISONER TRANSFER
Ramis. are you ready?
-It's about time. man.
-Come on. move.
Get dressed.
-You.
-Thank you. officer.
Next.
Put your clothes there.
Arms out.
Open your mouth. Tongue up.
Tongue out. Move it.
Cough.
Hold your underwear open.
Hands behind your head.
OK. Get dressed.
You. Next.
Put your clothes there.
Arms out.
Mouth open.
Tongue up.
-Where are my lollipops?
-Here we go.
You stole them.
-Keep quiet.
-I can't believe it.
You're despicable. Shame on you guys.
Cough.
Pull your underpants down.
I got them prescribed for my anxiety.
I'm positive he's got them.
Get dressed.
Oh my God.
I'm sorry. all right?
They were here. Sorry.
You.
Next.
OK. Put your clothes there.
What's this?
Don't take it off me. bro.
-My sister gave it to me.
-No worries. I won't.
You'll take it off.
Come on.
Arms out.
Don't keep it.
No one will. It goes in the bag.
Open your mouth.
Last time I was searched.
you took some CDs off me.
-What's it to me?
-Just saying.
-We should have the right to music.
-Get your clothes.
You. next.
They're a pain. right. officer?
Don't waste your breath. Pardo.
These ones won't give you any money.
Put them there.
Julio. right?
-I prefer "Ramis." It's my stage name.
-Open your mouth.
-You know it by heart.
-I'm a professional. Unlike those guys.
You're shameless. Ramis.
I'm an artist.
OK. Get dressed.
You. next.
No personal items allowed
during transfers. Sorry.
I'm studying.
Starting a business in jail?
Not here. In the Caribbean.
The best bar ever.
You're all invited to the opening.
No hard feelings.
Put your clothes there.
-What was that?
-They're too tight.
Fuck you. you asshole.
Cough.
Hold your underpants open.
Hands behind your head.
-You love eyeing up cocks.
-What did you say?
Nothing.
Underpants down.
hands behind your head. and crouch.
-Why?
-You heard me.
But. dude--
Underpants down.
hands behind your head. and crouch.
-Tell me why.
-Do you want a smack?
All right.
Now cough.
Cough harder.
Stand up.
Get your clothes.
-Asshole.
-What did you say. you brat?
-Hey!
-Hey. you bastard!
-Stop it!
-What are you doing?
What am I doing?
Shit. I'm sick and tired of these pricks.
Come on. let him go.
Beat it.
Are the bags ready?
They are.
Off we go. then.
-Hands.
-Hold on. Wait there.
Come on.
In you go.
What about the handcuffs? I want them off.
Over my dead body.
Go on.
Hurry up. We're fucking freezing. man.
Thanks. officer.
Next.
Go on in.
Get in.
Officer…
What's the matter?
I'm cooperating. aren't I?
You can cooperate and sit down.
Why am I cuffed and others aren't?
You're different. Ramis. I read your file.
-That was one time.
-Listen. try anything and I'll kill you.
There's no need for that.
-Have a good shift.
-Thanks. Hope it goes well.
Listen…
You need to ease up a bit
with all the rules. man.
We can't ease up with that. Montesinos.
Why not? Is that against the rules?
Exactly.
-Whatever. But don't be like a robot.
-It's simply in my nature.
I just follow the rules.
-But we're partners. right?
-Sure.
-Partners have each other's backs.
-This isn't about being partners.
-Isn't it?
-No.
In fact. I'm being a good partner.
By warning you.
You? Warning me? What about?
I don't fucking need this.
When was your last transfer?
You have no idea.
I know you can't hit
the first guy that pisses you off.
We know how this works. right?
They all like to piss us off.
Maybe they were right about you after all.
Maybe they were.
What did they say?
Stop knocking like that.
It's cold.
-It's not my fault.
-Turn the heat up.
-You don't pay the bill. after all.
-I'm not so sure.
Do you know
how much the State spends on you?
Here comes the economist.
Fuck off. Pardo.
You learned math by stealing.
Over 20.000 euros on each of you.
With everything you stole…
What the fuck's your point?
Keeping you around is a waste.
Parasites. That's what you are.
Will you shut up?
Why the fuck should I?
How much have you ever contributed?
Have you ever bothered
to contribute to society?
But. oh yes. we all want the same rights.
Sure!
Right to vote. choose. give your opinion…
Will the grandpa ever shut up?
Everyone's entitled to an opinion.
For fuck's sake. Pardo.
Shut up. this isn't a rally.
Shit.
I'm sick of your speeches.
You sound like my old man.
Fucking fascist.
Who? Pardo or your old man?
Both.
The State of the Nation debate is over.
-Bedtime.
-I only want the fucking heat turned up.
Martín. turn the heat up back here.
-Hopefully. these jerks will shut up.
-Copy that.
4ML?
-Who the fuck does he think he is?
-The villagers here drive like madmen.
Right…
Boss?
What's up now?
I need to take a shit.
Off to sleep. Ramis.
Let him out. boss.
We're suffocating in here.
-Jesus. it stinks.
-Son of a bitch. bro.
Please. officer.
I can't hold it any longer.
You're getting on my nerves. Ramis.
Sorry. Thank you. boss.
It's just that
I think I have a bug or something.
And the cold makes me need to shit too.
All right. In you go.
Hands.
A little privacy?
Make it quick.
Come on. Ramis.
-Hurry up.
-I'm done.
4M2?
Do you copy? I can't see you.
We're here. 200 meters ahead.
4M2. it's too foggy. Please slow down.
Get in.
4M2. I've lost visual. Can you hear me?
Are you there?
What the fuck?
Shit! Be careful!
There are people back here.
-These bastards drive worse each day.
-Are we cattle or what?
Martín. what's up? Why did we stop?
Not sure. I think we hit something.
Why did we stop?
There are many wild animals on this road.
-Maybe we hit one.
-Or maybe he ran out of gas.
-Start it up or warn the others.
-They're not here. They disappeared.
-Disappeared? They must be up ahead. Move.
-They're not here. believe me.
They were right in front. but then--
Hold on a sec.
The country's a mess.
They can't even afford gas.
Thanks to crooks like you. Pardo.
You stole all we had.
-Pardo. you're a crook--
-Shut the fuck up!
-They're there.
-Can you see them?
And why are you here. Ramis?
For being a smart-ass?
I stole to open my bar.
Not to hide in Switzerland. like you.
What are you saying?
You're a thief. Just like me.
Finally. you admit it. On TV you claimed
to be just an accountant.
4M2.
I see you. Why did you stop?
What's going on out there?
4M2.
It's weird that we're stuck here. right?
What did you say?
Speak Spanish so we can understand.
What the hell's going on out there?
No fucking clue. but it's odd
they're not answering.
-I think it's a punctured tire.
-No way. It's something else.
I'm getting out.
-So what is it. man?
-Punctured tire. you brat.
"Brat"? Fuck you. junkie.
Junkies love a good puncture.
We sure do.
Fuck.
Rumano?
What did you say?
What do you know?
Be careful out there. cop.
Don't catch a fucking cold. man.
Bundle up. It's coming down hard.
-What the fuck's going on?
-Sit tight.
Bundle up. cop. It's cold.
-What's happening?
-Nothing's fucking happening!
Rumano. is all this about you?
My brother Cosmin said
he wouldn't let me rot in jail.
He may need a hand.
Like my mom used to say.
I was born under a lucky star.
Montesinos. see anything?
Ramis. what's going on?
Now that you ask…
I'm gonna split.
What do you mean?
-He says he's leaving.
-To open my bar.
You can all get fucked.
I'll be clear.
I can open my cell from inside.
What do you say to that?
Sure you can.
Then let us all out.
-Yeah. let us out.
-One thing at a time.
There's CCTV.
We'll be screwed if they see us.
Leave me out of this.
I don't want any trouble.
What's going on. Montesinos?
-Will you let us out. bro?
-Of course.
When the cop's back.
ask to use the crapper.
-I'll come out and we both grab him. OK?
-Count on me. Then we're gone.
-What about the driver?
-No problem.
We'll take mustache hostage
and use his key.
Ramis. don't leave me behind.
Jesus. Gollum. Of course not.
Shit. Montesinos. what's going on?
Montesinos?
Do you copy?
Montesinos. answer.
What a shitty plan.
No wonder you always get caught. Ramis.
This won't end well.
You versus two cops.
They'll call for backup.
Shut up. man.
Come on.
Montesinos?
Montesinos.
No.
What was that?
-What's going on?
-Were those shots?
-There's someone out there.
-Rumano!
I bet they're your pals.
Aren't they. Rumano?
Who are those guys. man?
Your pals don't mess around. do they?
Headquarters?
Headquarters. 3ML speaking. Do you copy?
We've been attacked.
Three officers are dead. Do you copy?
Headqua--
Come on.
What happened?
-What's going on?
-Where's your partner?
You're gonna make us all freak out. cop.
-Answer. boss.
-He isn't there.
-Where's the mustache guy?
-Hey. boss. are you OK?
Fucking answer me!
-Hey!
-We're on our own!
What the fuck is going on?
What the hell happened to you. man?
What the fuck. cop?
-Sit down!
-Hey. cop…
-Shut up!
-Son of a bitch!
What's he up to?
Can anyone see anything?
-He opened the first aid kit.
-Is he injured?
He's bleeding and limping.
I guess. I can't see where.
Hey. cop. where's your partner?
Did he go for a leak?
It seems there's someone out there.
-Fuck.
-Rumano!
They're your guys. for sure.
You're scaring us shitless.
We'd better stay inside.
I'm not staying. For real.
No one is staying! We're all going!
Rumano! What the fuck is going on?
You all talk too much.
-Shut the fuck up.
-But are they your guys?
We have to wait. Period.
-Can you see anything?
-Pardo. do you see?
I can't see anything.
Piggy…
What happened to your leg. piggy?
Do you have a boo-boo? Piggy…
What the hell is that?
Is that a drill?
Officer. what's that noise?
What the hell's going on?
Officer. why are we stuck?
What's going on?
Where's the other pig?
-I need to take a shit--
-Shut up. for fuck's sake!
No one leaves this place.
Are they here for you?
Who are these people?
They won't get in easily. Do you hear me?
It's an armored truck.
That's not a problem.
We'll be out in two minutes.
Rumano. I've always liked you people.
Make him take off his pants.
They'll tear this truck into pieces.
Hit him hard!
Go. Ramis!
Hit the pig!
Go on. Ramis! Kill the Smurf!
Come on. Robin Hood!
Stop. Ramis!
Get back!
Put the gun down. man.
Who are those guys?
Are they here for you?
Why are you asking me?
You're the one who went outside.
-Go back to your cell right now.
-Don't listen to him. Ramis.
It's your call. cop.
If Rumano's friends are out there.
get ready.
They won't stop until they get him.
Shit. this is gasoline.
-Hey!
-Go back to your cell. Now.
Shit!
-Open up! There's a fire!
-Hey! What's going on?
-Officer!
-Fire!
Fire! The old man's burning!
Freeze!
Officer!
Julio! He's on fire!
Let's get him out.
-Fire!
-Let him out!
Let me out. bro!
-Get the extinguisher!
-Don't open it yet.
OK! Go!
God fucking damn it!
Open it now!
Open the door!
Let me out. bro!
I'm on fire. you son of a bitch!
Let me out!
Open the door!
I'm on fire. you son of a bitch!
As fast as you can. Ramis.
I'm fucking burning.
Hold on. Done.
Don't you dare. got it?
Too late. cop.
Don't move.
You're outnumbered.
You'll be fewer
when I blow your head off. Get back.
-There will still be more of us.
-You don't have the balls to shoot.
Get back.
-Where's your pal? You're all alone.
-Don't move.
That guy's shitting his pants.
-Aren't we pals anymore?
-Pals? You and me? No. Get back.
-Don't move.
-Shoot me. I don't give a shit.
Good evening.
OK. I see there's a lot going on in there.
That police officer
has the only key
that lets you out of the truck.
I can't get in.
-Who's that?
-Shit.
If you want to get out.
you just have to let me in.
What you do before or after
isn't my business.
Rumano. they're not your pals.
If you don't open up.
you will all die.
Oh. his gun…
It's out of bullets.
Don't move!
You guys fucked up. big time.
He wants something from in here.
Why else burn the cells?
-So you'd free us. We'd get the key.
-What if he's not here for you?
They're not your friends.
That guy's Spanish.
He wants something else.
I don't give a fuck who he is.
I'm getting out.
Give me the fucking key.
-Hey. pig!
-Don't move!
-Grab him!
-Hold him!
Hold tighter.
Now what. asshole?
Give me the key.
You'd better give it to us.
Son of a bitch.
-Get him!
-You bastard.
Go. Ramis! Get him!
Asshole. The fucking key!
-You fucking rat. where is it?
-I don't have it!
The damn key!
Where is it?
-I don't have the key!
-What?
Give me it.
Fucking son of a bitch.
I don't have it!
What happened? Rumano!
-Hey! What happened?
-Drop that!
-Stay back!
-Easy!
-Shit. What have you done?
-Don't move!
-Why did you do that?
-Drop it!
-Shit.
-What have you done?
-For fuck's sake. stay back!
-You killed him. man!
-That guy will kill us all!
-One question.
Is he after you?
We'll be safe in here!
-He has the key. Give it to us!
-Stay back!
Nano.
I told you we'd meet again.
-What the fuck?
-Quiet. Listen up.
I don't care who you are
or why you're here.
Open the door and you can leave.
I just came for him.
Don't believe a word he's saying.
He's a liar.
Why is he after you. Nano?
Listen. I haven't done anything. I swear.
He's too scared to go after
the cops who fucked up his case.
They're his buddies.
I'm his scapegoat.
No evidence. nothing. Shit. I'm innocent.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Are you saying this guy's a cop?
That guy used to be
one of the most vicious cops I ever met.
The guy got fired
because of all the shit he did. man.
You know?
Problem is. I always get in trouble. bro.
Know what I mean?
Why are you so scared?
Don't fuck around. Nano.
Think for a second. He tried to kill us!
He almost burned us alive! Can't you see?
Ask the cop's partners.
-How are they doing?
-I don't give a shit about them!
You did something.
We're not paying for it. you hear me?
Hand him over and you'll get out alive.
Otherwise. you'll all die.
He's watching us on the camera.
Miguel!
You're in way over your head!
What the fuck are you doing. man?
Ask your pal Chino.
What did you do to Chino. you bastard?
What did you do. you son of a bitch?
-Put that down and go.
-No one leaves this place.
-Got it?
-Drop that.
Listen up. Miguel!
You need me alive. but I'm not leaving!
-Bring it. Ramis.
-Stop.
-Come on. Ramis!
-We'll do this nicely.
-We're your friends!
-Drop it!
Hey. man!
The key. you son of a bitch.
Leave me alone!
Out of my way!
Give us the fucking key now!
-No!
-What are you doing?
Pig!
For a junkie. he messed you up good.
We're locked in here. dude.
He cut off the heating.
We'll freeze in half an hour.
Ramis!
Fucking hell.
What's your plan?
I say we rip his stomach open
and get the key out. right?
-Give us the blade and we'll get out.
-A lockpick isn't a fucking scalpel.
Have you ever seen inside a stomach?
It's not a plastic bag.
It's disgusting. And it's not easy.
Cut the crap. Let's find more layers.
What the hell is this?
Fuck me. What's this?
What's that bastard up to?
Son of a bitch.
Now what. man?
Here's the hold.
-Come on. Let's get our bags.
-Hurry. We're freezing.
I'm gonna negotiate.
Ramis.
Give me the walkie.
This fucking pig…
Let me talk to him. please.
I'm not your friend anymore.
Ramis!
-You're running out of time. And so am I.
-It took you long enough. you bastard.
What's up. pig?
Miguel. It's Miguel. right?
The kid and the cop are locked up.
Yeah. I saw.
The key… Did you see that?
He swallowed the only key. We're fucked.
…the other one.
It's your call.
-Shall we slit him open?
-I need him alive.
It's fucking freezing!
We'll find a way to get out.
but we need time.
-We'll find a way.
-Give me Nano and I'll let you go.
All I want is justice.
How do we know you'll keep your word?
You'll just have to trust me.
Miguel?
What's up?
What did he say?
Either we open this sardine tin.
or we're dead.
-How?
-I don't know.
I'll tell you when I find a weak spot.
It's cool.
Your ring. It's cool.
It was my sister's.
How long you got left?
Nine years. bro.
Until I get my first furlough.
Shit. Rei.
You must've done some serious shit.
The son of a bitch that raped my sister.
I put him in a coma.
He'll never wake up again.
No offense. Rei.
Did that help your sister?
Why did you kill Rumano. Nano?
Your file isn't that bad.
I had no choice. man.
Right…
If we let this psycho in. we're all dead.
He visited me in prison
just to mess with my head.
He threatened me. you know?
I have nothing to do with him. I swear.
Why are you in the slammer?
Me?
Can't you tell?
Addiction. Rei. Goddamn addiction.
My parents got sick of me and cut me off.
So I had to start stealing.
You know the rest.
And who's Chino? Is he your friend?
Yup. He's like a brother to me. you know?
I grew up with him and his grandma.
She was like a mother to me.
The only family I've ever had.
God damn it. man.
If anything fucking happened to them…
Why did you say he needs you alive?
Done with the sob stories?
Let's blow this fucking truck up.
We need a hero to go down there.
Don't look at me. Get him to do it.
3LM.
3LM. Do you copy?
We were attacked.
On the road.
I don't know where we are.
During the transfer.
I think they took the truck.
Two officers are dead.
POLICE RESUME SEARCH
FOR THE BODY OF SOLEDAD GARCÍA
I'm freezing my balls off. man.
Don't think about it. Rei
Here you go.
Find a loose nut or screw.
-Hopefully you can pull this off.
-OK.
I need the flashlight.
Here I go.
How's it going?
Rei?
Rei.
see anything?
I think I see something.
-Hang on.
-Like what?
Rei?
Answer. Rei!
Like a cover. bro.
Right there.
Ramis!
You won't crack it open.
We'll see about that.
Now the pig's a mechanic.
If it were easy. we'd already be dead.
Don't tell me I can't do it.
I've heard that too much.
You don't remember me. do you?
How's your wife?
Still married. right?
She was hot as hell.
Seemed like a really nice girl.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Relax. Jesus.
It's not what you think.
I sang at your wedding.
From the flamenco band?
Well. hold on.
Rumba. Sevillana…
I never dared
to sing proper flamenco in public.
Seriously? You sang at a pig's wedding?
Yes. So what?
-Rei. did you hear that?
-This one came off. bro.
-Now I remember you.
-Glad to hear that.
-You sang?
-Not so much.
But I was in a fucking good band.
My uncle taught me to play guitar.
I was better at picking locks.
What can I say?
What a motherfucker.
You know what they say.
Only crooks and artists
lead interesting lives.
You're making a mistake.
That guy is a killer.
I've never been this lucky
in my fucking life.
And I won't waste it.
You won't see me in jail again.
I'll have my bar.
Do you really think
you'll get away with this?
Let 'em look for me.
Ramis!
Shots?
García! Stop the truck!
Stop the truck!
Pull over!
You won't get away with this!
García!
I've called for backup!
They're coming for you!
Ramis! Fuck!
Rei?
Rei. are you OK?
Ramis. what the fuck is going on?
I can't take it anymore. Ramis.
Son of a bitch.
What does he want?
We're moving.
Miguel.
What the fuck are you doing. man?
I told you we'd get out. didn't I?
Miguel. you bastard!
What now? How do we get out of here?
Miguel?
Miguel!
The sun's rising.
You're running out of time.
Nano.
It's your last chance.
God fucking dammit. Nano.
What does he want?
Is he going to kill us?
Tell him what he wants to know
and let us out.
I said I don't know.
Miguel.
Shit. Miguel.
Listen to me. We've done our best.
OK?
What next?
What are you going to do to us. man?
Miguel?
Give me the damn walkie. Give it to me.
Miguel.
I don't know who you are.
but listen to me.
I'm Martín. the officer in charge
of the truck. Got it?
How far are you going to take this?
You won't get away with it. you hear me?
I don't want to.
I just want him.
Why?
Never mind why.
I can't give you a man.
so you can kill him.
That's not how the law works.
Miguel?
The law.
He stopped.
What the fuck is going on?
Shit. We closed it. didn't we?
Fuck.
-Kid!
-What's this? For God's sake!
Fuck me.
Guillermo!
You son of a bitch!
Motherfucker!
Where the fuck is he taking us?
You son of a bitch!
I don't want to drown!
-Open up. Ramis!
-Now what. Nano?
Ramis!
-You son of a bitch!
-Christ! The water's freezing!
I'm not dying today. do you hear me?
Let's get out!
Ramis!
Ramis! Open the fucking door. god damn it!
Open the door!
I know a way out! Open it!
There's an emergency exit!
Up there.
-Up you go. Gollum!
-Open the damn door!
Ramis!
Quickly! Give me your hand. Ramis.
Hold on to me.
-Hold on.
-Give me your hand. Ramis.
Up!
Open the door.
-Open up. Ramis.
-Wait. Listen.
You say there's an exit. cop?
A hidden exit in the back.
Under the lights.
-You should've told us before. asshole.
-He'd have killed us.
-Open up and we'll get out then.
-Shut up a minute! Shit!
Hold this.
Go.
-Shit.
-No!
-Where is it?
-Fuck me!
What now?
I'll get it. Ramis.
Are you crazy?
Use the flashlight.
-Here I go.
-Go on. Gollum. go!
-Where is he?
-I don't know.
What the hell's he doing down there?
Come on. Gollum!
For fuck's sake. come on.
-Hold it straight.
-Give it to me!
Ramis…
Hurry. Ramis. Open up.
Go when I say so. cop.
Go down. OK?
All right. Open it.
Now!
Let's go!
Now what. cop? Which way?
This key unlocks the exit.
The water's rising.
Gollum!
Gollum…
Gollum. buddy. What's up?
Come on. man.
Don't do this to me.
Not now. OK? No.
Come on. buddy. Wake up.
Wake up. Shit. say something.
Wake up! Wake up. boy!
Hey. don't do this to me.
Gollum!
No…
-There's nothing we can do. We need to go.
-Get off me. go.
Come on. Ramis!
Let's get out of here! Come on!
Ramis.
Come on. damn it. Up.
Cop…
Jesus!
Thank you.
Where's Nano?
No fucking idea.
And the guy from the truck?
What do I care? It's not our problem.
At least. not mine.
But maybe it's yours.
Now what?
What are you gonna do?
What will you call your bar?
The Fandango.
After my uncle's bar.
Maybe The Fandango II.
It'll be the coolest bar
in the Dominican Republic.
Bambino playing all day long.
And tapas to die for.
Good luck.
Be careful with those pricks.
It's fucking freezing.
Son of a bitch.
I have nothing against you.
Leave now. and you'll be safe.
-You can still turn yourself in.
-I will.
I'll pay whatever price I need to.
I know the price of what I've done.
I've tried to do
as little damage as possible.
What do you want from him?
What do I want?
Do you have kids?
Two little girls.
Children…
take everything from you.
It was the village festival.
It was the first time we were going to let
my daughter. Sole. go out.
She was so excited.
She'd planned to meet her friends.
That week. they came over every day
to rehearse a dance together.
Nano and his friend…
bought her some shots.
She'd never drunk. She didn't like it.
I don't know how they convinced her.
They raped her.
First one.
Then the other.
Then both at the same time.
Once they were done.
they used cigarette butts.
They used…
They used pliers.
A bottle.
They did all sorts of stuff.
All sorts of stuff.
She was still alive when they tied her
to a car they'd stolen earlier that night.
They dragged her through fields
for a good long while.
You have to be really messed up
to do shit like that to a girl who's only
13 years old.
They dumped her body somewhere.
No one knows where.
A ditch… A well.
Only Nano knows where she is.
There was
an investigation.
but he was never charged.
That kid's in and out of prison
every other day.
But he got away with this.
In a few months.
he'll be on the street again.
The law doesn't work like that.
I know how the fucking law works.
I was a policeman.
Politicians wanted to take photos with me.
Judges. teachers. and shrinks called me.
They thought I should meet other parents
in similar situations.
But I fly solo.
I don't trust this shitty system.
You've all failed me.
But I won't fail.
I'm nearly done.
I swear.
I just need to know where they tossed her.
find her body.
and bury her alongside my parents.
I promised my wife.
I've tried everything
to get Nano to tell me.
He's always denied being involved.
How do you know he did it?
What if you're wrong?
His friend. Chino. told me
before I killed him.
He confessed to everything.
-I can't let you kill him.
-I know.
I've walked in your shoes.
Miguel.
I had him.
Miguel!
Where is she?
Where is she. you bastard?
Tell me!
-Tell me!
-Stop it!
Where is she?
Tell me where!
Stop it!
Where is she?
You'll kill him.
Stop.
Hey! Miguel!
I'll never fucking tell you!
Do you hear me?
You hear me. you clown?
What are you doing? Get him. you dickhead!
-What are you doing?
-Tell him.
Martín. please.
Martín. what are you doing. man?
What the fuck?
Tell him.
Please. Martín. don't.
Come on.
Tell him.
She's in the well!
In the well on the Pardeza farm!
I swear!
I swear to God!
Subtitle translation by: Aida G. Beatty